.TH VAILE 1 2020-03-23 ""

.SH NAME
.P
\fBVaile\fR — Metasploit\-like pentest framework derived from TIDoS

.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
\fBVaile\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
\fBVaile\fR is a versatile collection of tools for \fIwebapp\fR security testing. It was designed in order to help penetration testers during all phases of an operation, especially reconnaissance, scanning and vulnerability analysis.

.P
It features 3 easy\-to\-use interfaces: an interactive shell, an inline CLI and a graphical user interface powered by Qt. Its modules are easily comprehensible and fully verbose, and are using \fImultiprocessing\fR to make attacking more efficient. If requested, TIDoS will also pipe attacks through \fITor\fR, rendering your attacks more anonymous and difficult to track.

.P
The \fBVaile\fR framework is module\-based, so users can easily create their own modules, or edit the built\-in ones, respecting the general structure of the already existent modules.

.P
Its structure allows it to evolve and be easily adapted to new features and modules. Currently, it has 108 modules ready to be used.

.SH OPTIONS
.P
Running \fBVaile\fR without any argument runs an interactive, metasploit\-like shell, with all settings set to default.

.TP
You can also specify a target URL, combined with a module, to execute this module on given target in a quicker and easier way.
\fB$ TIDoS \-v http://example.com \-l pathtrav\fR

.TP
You also can use a previously saved \fIsession\fR file as argument, to use it instead of a target URL. Sessions can (and need to) be saved with the \fBsessions\fR command.
\fB$ TIDoS \-v saarsec \-l pathtrav \-s\fR

.TP
Using TIDoS's \fBVAL\fR file format, you can fully automate attacks, since it sets targets, modules and options automatically. Load a file up this way: 
\fB$ TIDoS \-c syn.val\fR

.TP
When attacking per CLI, you can also make use of the \fBtor\fR command to pipe attacks through the Tor network, like this:
\fB$ TIDoS \-v http://example.com \-l pathtrav \-\-tor\fR

.TP
Finally, \fBVaile\fR can be run as a graphical user interface, using and wrapping around the core framework.
\fB$ TIDoS \-\-app\fR

.TP
For inline help and more options, use \fBVaile \-\-help\fR

.SH INTERFACE
.P
The main interface of \fBVaile\fR framework is its interactive, metasploit\-like console.

.P
\fBTO GET HELP\fR on a TIDoS command, you can use "\fBhelp <command>\fR" or "\fB? <command>\fR". To list all available commands, use "\fBhelp\fR" resp. "\fB?\fR" without argument. This will also give a short summary on the commands, as listed below.

.P
\fICommands:\fR

.TP
\fBattack\fR
Attack specified target(s)
.TP
\fBclear\fR
Clear terminal
.TP
\fBcreds\fR
Handle target credentials
.TP
\fBfetch\fR
Check for and install updates
.TP
\fBfind\fR
Search a module
.TP
\fBhelp\fR
Show help message
.TP
\fBinfo\fR
Show description of current module
.TP
\fBintro\fR
Display Intro
.TP
\fBleave\fR
Leave module
.TP
\fBlist\fR
List all modules of a category
.TP
\fBload\fR
Load module
.TP
\fBnetinfo\fR
Show network information
.TP
\fBopts\fR
Show options of current module
.TP
\fBphpsploit\fR
Load the phpsploit framework (needs to be downloaded externally)
.TP
\fBprocesses\fR
Set number of processes in parallelisation
.TP
\fBq\fR
Terminate TIDoS session
.TP
\fBsessions\fR
Interact with cached sessions
.TP
\fBset\fR
Set option value of module
.TP
\fBtor\fR
Pipe Attacks through the Tor Network
.TP
\fBvicadd\fR
Add Target to list
.TP
\fBvicdel\fR
Delete Target from list
.TP
\fBviclist\fR
List all targets

.SH ISSUES
.TP
To submit any issue, bug or proposal, please send it in TIDoS's issues section:
https://github.com/VainlyStrain/TIDoS/issues

.SH CONTRIBUTE
.TP
If you want to contribute to \fBVaile\fR, submit a module, patch, or anything else, take a look at the \fBCONTRIBUTING\fR file, in the core/doc directory

.SH LICENCE
.P
This software is under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3, 29 June 2007


.\" man code generated by txt2tags 2.5 (http://txt2tags.sf.net)
.\" cmdline: txt2tags -q -t man -i man.txt2tags -o TIDoS.1

